
The configuration files are INI-style ones, and setting up a new mirror means
adding a new section either to the main configuration (/etc/repomirror.conf),
or with a file in the configurations directory (/etc/repomirror.d).


Although in principle any keyword can be used anywhere, it is recommended to
define a 'global' section, whose contents will affect to all the configured
repositories. The values typically defined in this global section are:

destdir   - default top directory for all the mirrored respositories
usegpg    - enable/disable GPG verification of primary metadata files
pkgvflags - define required checks for secondary metadata files, such as
            Packages or primary.xml, and also used while downloading packages.

Repositories of cache class described below must be aware of the user which
runs the webserver, so another keyword can be specified on global section to
inform about it. Default is sensible for debian systems.
NOTE : to make simpler a setup only with cached repos, keywords required for
reposerver (webconf & weburi) can also be specified in repomirror global
section.

If not defined on global section, destdir keyword is mandatory, but there are
other keywords that must be defined in a mirror:

type     - type of mirror. Primary ones are apt & yum, but some subtypes
           exists, primarily for yum to allow intelligent mirroring of some
           distributions (Fedora, CentOS)
version  - version to mirror (not required for some repo types)
url      - url for the repository. Must be full path for simple types, but
           for advanced repos a toplevel url is enough, without version or
           architecture indication.
           Can be specified as server name, plus optional scheme and base_path

The key 'architectures' holds a list of architectures to mirror, and although
internally required is optional for some repo types (apt and yum derived),
where defaults to the common architectures (i386 + x86_64/amd64).
In single architecture types as feed and yum, it is still required for
informative purposes, but no selection is done.

There is another optional keyword (class) which is used to mark mirrors as
exportable ones. If class is set to 'passthru' or 'cache', the mirror is taken
into account by the reposerver program, so that mirrored content will be made
available through webserver. Difference among both clases is that cache one
download requested packages on demand only if not available locally, while
passthru mirrors are subject to standard bulk updates using repomirror command.

Finally, 'subdir' allows to change the name of the directory where the mirror
will be located, which defaults to the repository name. It only has effect if
no specific destdir is supplied on the configuration entry for repository.

Appart from those mentioned for the global section, there is an extra optional
keyword, that currently only have sense for debian repositories. The keyword
is 'components', and lists the debian components that we want to include in
the mirror.

Finally, the keyword 'filters' can be also specified, and should contain the
names of other keywords that should be used to decide if a single package will
be mirrored or not. This block is specific to each repository type, so a
couple of examples are shown below

type = apt
filters = sections
priorities = standard required important

type = yum
filters = groups
groups = System/Libraries System_Environment/Base User_Interface/X

