
NOTE : although repository building is mostly independend of mirroring, this
       document assumes you are familiar with the available documentation
       for repomirror.


Configuration files follow the same rules than those for repomirror. They are
ini-style, there is a main one and can be hosted under a .d subdirectory.


The only variable expected in the global section is 'destdir', which has
a similar meaning than for repomirror, and points to the parent directory
of those containing the packages. The directory actually searched for
packages is built by concatenating the repository name to this toplevel
directory.

If repositories are going to be served using apache, some extra entries are
required on the global section to allow reposerver generate configurations.
The keywords are webconf, that must be ServerRoot to properly locate the
generated configuration, and weburi to indicate the path prefix for served
repositories (defaults to /mirror).


Definitions of build repositories currently allow much less keywords than
repomirror does. The most important keyword is 'type', and defines the kind
of repository to be built. Four repository types are implemented:
 - feed - creates an OpenWrt feed repository (indexes ipk & opk files)
 - deb  - will create a 'simple' debian repository, only with Packages file
          (only differs from feed in the indexed extensions)
 - yum  - builds a yum compatible repository using createrepo
 - apt  - builds an apt repository, from a populated pool tree
There is also a special 'snapshot' repository, which is a special type which
links the exported repo to a mirror, allowing it to get frozen while still
being updated. These repository type also requires the keyword 'source',
although are usually created and managed with the command reposnapshot.

Keyword 'version' is also required, although is currently unused.

If 'destdir' is used within the repository definition, it sets the full path
for package search, without appending repository name. Other optional keyword
for deb & feed repositories is 'extensions', which overrides the default file
extensions indexed.

apt repositories required two additional keywords, to define architectures
and components that will be indexed.


A sample repo building configuration is shown below

[global]
destdir = /home/repomirror

[mybook-oe]
type = feed
version = 1.18

[apt-test]
destdir = /home/in-house/debs
type = apt
version = test
architectures = i386 amd64
components = main contrib

